clarify supported git providers (#202)
cdr/docs: admin/git.md

## Support

> Currently, Coder integrates with the following git providers:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Coder integrates with the following service providers for authentication (use as an identity provider) as well as [user key management](https://coder.com/docs/environments/preferences#linked-accounts):
```

  rel="noreferrer noopener">doesn't support</a> managing SSH keys for users via
  OAuth)

> > You can use any git provider of choice. Configuring a git integration provides

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These integrations are optional. Linking your Coder account with your service provider provides support for key management features, but is not mandatory. We expect that Visual Studio Code and the `git` command-line tool will interoperate with any compliant hosting software or service, but Coder does not test these regularly and cannot provide recommendations or support.
```
